README.md, before:

This fork just resurrects the recompute feature: `pkg check -r package_name`  
Reference: https://github.com/freebsd/pkg/issues/2449

To get it:
- Clone this repo: `$ git clone https://github.com/Emrion/pkg.git`
- `$ ./configure`
- `$ make`

You will have access to the recompute function with `# src/pkg-static check -r package_name`.  

Optionaly, you can install this modified pkg with `# make install` but this leaves the infos of the last pkg installed.
You need to run `# pkg check -r pkg` to address the change of files. `pkg info pkg` will answer the previous version of pkg, but `pkg -v` will reveal the actual installed version.  

----------------------------------


pkg - a package manager for FreeBSD
====================================

 * Sourcehut FreeBSD: [![builds.sr.ht status](https://builds.sr.ht/~bapt/pkg/commits/master/freebsd.svg)](https://builds.sr.ht/~bapt/pkg/commits/master/freebsd?)
 * Sourcehut Alpine: [![builds.sr.ht status](https://builds.sr.ht/~bapt/pkg/commits/master/alpine.svg)](https://builds.sr.ht/~bapt/pkg/commits/master/alpine?)
 * Sourcehut Debian: [![builds.sr.ht status](https://builds.sr.ht/~bapt/pkg/commits/master/debian.svg)](https://builds.sr.ht/~bapt/pkg/commits/master/debian?)
 * Github Actions: [![build](https://github.com/freebsd/pkg/actions/workflows/build.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/freebsd/pkg/actions/workflows/build.yaml)

Table of Contents:
------------------

* [libpkg](#libpkg)
* [pkg package format](#pkgfmt)
* [Installing packages](#pkginst)
* [pkg bootstrap](#pkgbootstrap)
* [Additional resources](#resources)


<a name="libpkg"></a>
### libpkg

pkg is built on top of libpkg, a new library to interface with the package
registration backends.
It abstracts package management details such as registration, remote
repositories, package creation, updating, etc.

<a name="pkgfmt"></a>
### pkg package format

The `pkg` package format is a tar archive that may be raw or compressed using one of the following algorithms: `gz`, `bzip2`, `zstd`, or `xz`. The default compression algorithm is `zstd`.

The tar archive itself is composed of two types of elements:

* the special files at the beginning of the archive, starting with a "+"
* the data.

<a name="pkginst"></a>
### Installing packages

pkg can install a package archive from the local disk, remote HTTP server or
remote SSH server.

<a name="pkgbootstrap"></a>
### Pkg bootstrap

All supported versions of FreeBSD now contain /usr/sbin/pkg a.k.a
*pkg(7)*.  This is a small placeholder that has just the minimum
functionality required to install the real pkg(8).

To use, simply run any pkg(8) command line.  pkg(7) will intercept the
command, and if you confirm that is your intention, download the
pkg(8) tarball, install pkg(8) from it, bootstrap the local package
database and then proceed to run the command you originally requested.

More recent versions of pkg(7) understand `pkg -N` as a test to see if
pkg(8) is installed without triggering the installation, and
conversely, `pkg bootstrap [-f]` to install pkg(8) (or force it to be
reinstalled) without performing any other actions.

<a name="resources"></a>
### Additional resources

* The Git repository of [pkg is hosted on GitHub](https://github.com/freebsd/pkg)

To contact us, you can find us in the **#pkg** channel on [Libera Chat IRC Network](https://libera.chat/).

If you hit a bug when using pkg, you can always submit an issue in the
[pkg issue tracker](https://github.com/freebsd/pkg/issues).

Commit message:

Note on pkg flatsize change activation

README.md, after:

This fork just resurrects the recompute feature: `pkg check -r package_name`  
Reference: https://github.com/freebsd/pkg/issues/2449

To get it:
- Clone this repo: `$ git clone https://github.com/Emrion/pkg.git`
- `$ ./configure`
- `$ make`

Note: you can activate the modification of the pkg flatsize by uncomment a line in pkg.c.

You will have access to the recompute function with `# src/pkg-static check -r package_name`.  

Optionaly, you can install this modified pkg with `# make install` but this leaves the infos of the last pkg installed.
You need to run `# pkg check -r pkg` to address the change of files. `pkg info pkg` will answer the previous version of pkg, but `pkg -v` will reveal the actual installed version.  

----------------------------------


pkg - a package manager for FreeBSD
====================================

 * Sourcehut FreeBSD: [![builds.sr.ht status](https://builds.sr.ht/~bapt/pkg/commits/master/freebsd.svg)](https://builds.sr.ht/~bapt/pkg/commits/master/freebsd?)
 * Sourcehut Alpine: [![builds.sr.ht status](https://builds.sr.ht/~bapt/pkg/commits/master/alpine.svg)](https://builds.sr.ht/~bapt/pkg/commits/master/alpine?)
 * Sourcehut Debian: [![builds.sr.ht status](https://builds.sr.ht/~bapt/pkg/commits/master/debian.svg)](https://builds.sr.ht/~bapt/pkg/commits/master/debian?)
 * Github Actions: [![build](https://github.com/freebsd/pkg/actions/workflows/build.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/freebsd/pkg/actions/workflows/build.yaml)

Table of Contents:
------------------

* [libpkg](#libpkg)
* [pkg package format](#pkgfmt)
* [Installing packages](#pkginst)
* [pkg bootstrap](#pkgbootstrap)
* [Additional resources](#resources)


<a name="libpkg"></a>
### libpkg

pkg is built on top of libpkg, a new library to interface with the package
registration backends.
It abstracts package management details such as registration, remote
repositories, package creation, updating, etc.

<a name="pkgfmt"></a>
### pkg package format

The `pkg` package format is a tar archive that may be raw or compressed using one of the following algorithms: `gz`, `bzip2`, `zstd`, or `xz`. The default compression algorithm is `zstd`.

The tar archive itself is composed of two types of elements:

* the special files at the beginning of the archive, starting with a "+"
* the data.

<a name="pkginst"></a>
### Installing packages

pkg can install a package archive from the local disk, remote HTTP server or
remote SSH server.

<a name="pkgbootstrap"></a>
### Pkg bootstrap

All supported versions of FreeBSD now contain /usr/sbin/pkg a.k.a
*pkg(7)*.  This is a small placeholder that has just the minimum
functionality required to install the real pkg(8).

To use, simply run any pkg(8) command line.  pkg(7) will intercept the
command, and if you confirm that is your intention, download the
pkg(8) tarball, install pkg(8) from it, bootstrap the local package
database and then proceed to run the command you originally requested.

More recent versions of pkg(7) understand `pkg -N` as a test to see if
pkg(8) is installed without triggering the installation, and
conversely, `pkg bootstrap [-f]` to install pkg(8) (or force it to be
reinstalled) without performing any other actions.

<a name="resources"></a>
### Additional resources

* The Git repository of [pkg is hosted on GitHub](https://github.com/freebsd/pkg)

To contact us, you can find us in the **#pkg** channel on [Libera Chat IRC Network](https://libera.chat/).

If you hit a bug when using pkg, you can always submit an issue in the
[pkg issue tracker](https://github.com/freebsd/pkg/issues).
